![Our family](/rickaby-family-fall-2019.jpg) Hello! I’m the Director of
Engineering at [WebDevStudios](https://webdevstudios.com/) , where **we build
amazing digital platforms for enterprise level corporations with WordPress** .
While at WebDevStudios, my engineers and I have solved complex website
problems for clients like Microsoft, Viacom, News Corporation, Campbell’s Soup
Company, and the NBA. Over the years, **I’ve also contributed to
[WordPress](https://wordpress.org) Core** , various WordPress themes, dozens
of open source projects, including **[GatsbyJS](https://gatsbyjs.org)** ,
**[Next.JS](https://nextjs.org)** , and **have spoken at a few WordCamps** .
I’ve also contracted with [Wiley](https://www.wiley.com/en-us/) and **authored
a children’s book** about building your first website (
[Amazon](https://gregslink.co/create-a-website-am) ), and **served as
Technical Editor on two other books** , _WordPress All-In-One For Dummies, 4E_
( [Amazon](https://amzn.to/37MMDLp) ) and _Professional WordPress Plugin
Development, 2E_ which will be published in the spring of 2020. **I’m always
trying to learn something new** , everything from leadership skills, or
mastering new technology, to playing music. Right now, I’m all in photography.
When I’m not at work? **I enjoy being a dad and hanging out with family** , as
well as serving my community through [Wiregrass
Church](https://wiregrasschurch.org) . I’ve also been known to moonlight as a
pizzaiolo. Thanks for reading and feel free to contact me greg@gregrickaby.com
